Are you? Your celibacy?
My unmarried period has only a few words.
Born every year. Before you were rescued by Ling Yan,
You once had a late Qing Dynasty.
That is a more comprehensive soft home than what we did last time.
The zero target is me.
Okay, I want to invite you.
But the Ruan family had already broken off the engagement before me.
Back then, you were moved out of the house by the Zhan family.
Status is determined by entry and exit.
The reason for this good door is, of course, the combination of strength and zero.
So the Ruan family had no choice but to break off the engagement.
Then why do you want to control me now?
Although your status is underground.
But you are actually extraordinary
If you are willing to chat with me
Your identity comes first
Now the entire China Goldman Sachs
What happened
Is it possible that Santian Castle refuses to join me?
Do I really want to marry that fool from Nujia? Xiaoban
Now the whole Yuncheng is saying
I took over your power situation
I've fooled them all now